DOCS-1285: Document Micro-RDK supported models (#2072)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/micro-rdk/movement-sensor/gyro-mpu6050.md

      "model": "gyro-mpu6050",
      "type": "movement_sensor",
      "namespace": "rdk",
      "attributes": {
        "board": "<your-board-name>",
        "i2c_bus": "<your-i2c-bus-name-on-board>",
        "use_alt_i2c_address": <boolean>
      },
      "depends_on": []
    }
  ]
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="JSON Example" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
{
  "components": [
    {
      "name": "local",
      "model": "esp32",
      "type": "board",
      "namespace": "rdk",
      "attributes": {
        "pins": [15, 21, 22],
        "i2cs": [
          {
            "name": "default_i2c_bus",
            "bus": "i2c0",
            "data_pin": 21,
            "clock_pin": 22
          }
        ]
      }
    },
    {
      "name": "my_accelgyro",
      "model": "gyro-mpu6050",
      "type": "movement_sensor",
      "namespace": "rdk",
      "attributes": {
        "board": "local",
        "i2c_bus": "default_i2c_bus"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Attributes

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Name                  | Type    | Inclusion    | Description |
| --------------------- | ------- | ------------ | ----------- |

> | `board`               | string  | **Required** | The `name` of the [board](/components/board/) to which the device is wired. |

Reviewer: As above, should all of these be more specific, for example the following?
```suggestion
| `board`               | string  | **Required** | The `name` of the [ESP32 board](/micro-rdk/board/esp32) to which the device is wired. |
```

Author: I actually considered this but decided not to as I figure that when the micro-RDK is expanded to include more types of boards we would have to change it back anyways. That ok?

Reviewer: Hmm that makes sense but then how about this, so that users don't end up in main RDK board land and get confused?
```suggestion
| `board`               | string  | **Required** | The `name` of the [board](/micro-rdk/board/) to which the device is wired. |
```
